---
layout: post
title: "Maybe men should act more like women"
date: 2025-10-4
tag: gender
---

As a woman in engineering, I've gotten many pieces of advice that boil down to "be more confident." Here are some examples:

1. Apply to a job even if you don't meet all its qualifications (heck, even if you don't meet *most* of the qualifications).
2. Always negotiate your salary and ask for promotions.
3. Speak up more often, more directly, or more publicly.

On the surface, the "be more confident" advice has a solid justification to back it up: you gotta shoot your shot, you don't want to hold yourself back, don't sell yourself short. This is true regardless of one's gender; we could all benefit from more confidence.

However, a lot of times when a *woman* is advised to "be more confident," I sense an icky subtext. The implication is usually that she *lacks confidence* -- in particular that she *lacks confidence* ***compared to men***. (There's even that saying of [carry yourself with the confidence of a mediocre white man](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-08-15/carry-yourself-with-the-confidence-of-a-mediocre-white-man/7725068) that's only half-joking.) And in order to succeed in this industry, a woman's gotta do what the men are doing; be less like a typical woman and more like a typical man. She's gotta shed her typical feminine traits of humility, modesty, tenderness, selflessness, conscientiousness -- and instead cultivate (over)confidence, boldness, individualism, audacity, bluntness.

But why is the typical "masculine" way of being considered correct, and the typical "feminine" way of being considered incorrect? We decided that men have the correct amount of confidence, and women don't have enough because they have less than men do. More generally, we blame women for struggling to adapt to a male-centric industry; they just need to "be more confident" like the men are (and hope that they don't get called a bitch, but that's a whole other conversation).

We are so used to the industry being male-centric that we consider it a given, and we've lost sight of how it could be any other way. But I want to imagine a world in which the industry were designed to suit women. What if we told every white man to "hold yourself with the humility of an exceptional Asian woman"?

Going back to the 3 examples above.

1. Where's the sense in writing a job post that's unclear about qualifications? Why do we have to gatekeep to the people who are overconfident or who feel like the rules on paper don't apply to them? What if employers actually wrote job postings that were transparent about which qualifications were required and which were simply nice-to-have?*
2. What's the point in giving people who negotiate an advantage? What if employers actually gave fair, transparent salaries right off the bat? What if we recognized each other's accomplishments, and didn't have to constantly sell ourselves to get promoted?
3. Why should we tolerate a meeting culture in which to get a word in, you have to interrupt or even talk over someone? Why not actively open the floor to those who are more shy (not just good for women, but any new hire, or anyone at all who happens to be shy!)?

I believe that a world like that would be better not just for women, but for people of all genders. I want to live in a culture of modesty and humility, one that isn't fooled by the people who are simply the most self-assured (read: [Dunning-Kruger effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect?useskin=vector)). This is why I'm tired of people giving advice to women as if we're the ones that need fixing; it's the culture that ought to change.

In the meantime, I recognize that "it's a man's world" so for now, we have to play by men's rules. However, I want it to be clear that women need to do these things not because *they* are deficient, but because the *system* is deficient. I think this nuance is crucial.

\* I have seen some job postings with messages like "We value diversity and welcome applications from those who are traditionally underrepresented in tech" and "if you like the sound of this position but are not sure if you are the perfect fit, please apply!" -- I think this is a great step forward.
