---
layout: post
title: "RC Week 1"
date: 2024-11-11
---
## Mon
My first day! Feeling a bit nervous but also excited. I really want RC to be a transformative experience and I'm ready to give it my all -- I guess aside from that, I just trust the process and let go :meditation:

## Tues
(This was a holiday for Election Day. A good break tbh.)

## Weds
Omg hi hi uhh...today:
- **welcome to the hub**
- informal chatting
- **pairing workshop** (ft. @**Jordan Paige Hendricks (she) (W1'24)** )
- **creative coding show and tell**
- getting stuff together on Zulip (#**missing semester** , #**ARENA** , #**AI ML Paper Cuts** )

Relevant quote from Ms. Bald in AP Chem:
> You can do *any*thing, but you can't do *every*thing.

## Thurs
- **Note taking**: so much fun learning about other people's note taking tools -- thank you for organizing @**Michael Suguitan (he) (F2'24)** and thank you @**Deblina Mukherjee (she) (F2'24)** for sharing the [anti-notetaking blog post](https://sashachapin.substack.com/p/notes-against-note-taking-systems)
- **AI Safety Intro + Forecasting AI Advancements**: thank you for your enthusiasm!! @**Changlin Li (he) (F1'23)**
- **Presentations**: so awesome to see @**Cindy Wu (she) (W1'24)** 's tfw site!
- was getting anxious to start writing code so I'm working on finishing our game of life from pair programming!! @**Jordan Paige Hendricks (she) (W1'24)**

excited that the groups I'm helping organize are coming together omg

more on the anxiety about not writing much code yet: I think I'm struggling with a "temporal determinism" in which I predict my future by simply extrapolating my present state (at best, it's a linear extrapolation with one constant slope defined at my present state; at worst, it's zero slope, a flat line that says future me will be exactly where I am now). So the implicit thought is "I'm not writing code now. and if I'm not writing code now, that means I'll never write code in the future." This method (of predicting the future based on the present) is not bad necessarily, but it's not fully informed. My certainty about my future reduces, flattens me into an automaton.
> The meantime implies waiting, a less important area between two specified times. In the case of dread or, really, any overemphasis on some future point, the meantime also appears empty: With nothing but distance between you and your destination, it may as well have already taken place.

The truth is, I have agency through time, i.e. a non-zero derivative that I control infinitely many times (as many times as there are moments in time). My future is not predetermined by my present -- the present is just the initial condition (omg diff eq's...). I have time, and time brings me freedom. With writing code: there's a lot of setup (imo, important setup, at least for me) that I wanna do first -- I'm not tied to continue down this trajectory forever, it's just what I've chosen to begin. I can't actually say anything big about my future -- beyond the little dt's that I work with in the present, the future is "filled with possibilities" which is an optimistic way of saying "uncertain."
> "Many love certainty so much more than possibility that they choose despair, itself a form of certainty that the future is notable and known. It is neither."

> It makes me wonder if one meaning of "having time" is to *halve time* -- to make a cut in chronos and hold the past and the future apart as much as hope will allow.

quotes pulled (out of context, lol) from [Saving Time by Jenny Odell](https://search.worldcat.org/title/Saving-time-:-discovering-a-life-beyond-the-clock/oclc/1330404655)

## Fri
- **coffee chat with** @**Lucy McPhail (she/they/it) (F1'24)**
- pairing on game of life with @**Jordan Paige Hendricks (she) (W1'24)** ty :pray:
- **Building your Volitional Muscles** getting myself together (good clear first projects: *simple* personal website, *simple* professional website, *simple* personal+professional blog)!
- ran into @**Alexa Greenberg (she) (F1'24)** omg it was meant to be (papers: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2402.01103, https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09991, https://arxiv.org/pdf/2309.08587)
- **coffee chat with** @**Luisa Vasquez (she) (W1'24)**
- more working on my game of life TUI using [ratatui](https://ratatui.rs/), looking at [hashlife](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hashlife) algo

yippee
