---
layout: post
title: "RC Week 7"
date: 2025-01-10
---
## Mon

- Yesterday I redesigned my [professional/personal website](https://gracekwak.me/) to look more like the ones that other CS academic folk have while still retaining my personality. Really happy with it!
- Got [Gratie](https://github.com/grkw/gratie) to a stopping point that I’m satisfied with. Thank you @**Jordan** for working on it with me :)
- Did today's [Leetle](https://leetle.app/) (“Weedle”) (thanks for sharing it with me @**Russell** !). I was looking for a way to get some easy wins and this seems great!
- Brainstormed more about my search engine UI project. Will take more thinking — planning to pitch it, and maybe some other ideas, at this week’s Presentations to see who else might wanna join me on a bigger-scale project.
- I already miss the W1s… but I met some great W2’s on Zoom today!

## Tues

- Hub tours for W2's
- Leetle with @**Mia**
- Finished perusing the Zulip topic with all the W2's introductions (wow y'all are amazing)
- Spent the majority of the day brainstorming different project ideas... perhaps I should've just picked any and started coding, but I really wanted to move forward with intention idk. Tonight I was really in my feelings and I thought of this one that I feel really good about! Hoping that others wanna join!
 **pairing>A wholesome web app for “open when…” letters**
-- also @**Shenai** I think this project has similar vibes as your [notes from afar](https://notes-from-afar.onrender.com/)!

## Weds

- Met with @**Satyajit** @**Jakub** @**Daniel**  at Paper Cuts. Excited to actually participate in paper cuts this time haha
- Pairing with @**Eric** to help get me started on Open With! Huge huge thanks, definitely experiencing a learning curve but I am becoming more powerful. This is one of those things that I'd never be able to do on my own and am truly so grateful to be doing it at RC [Captura de pantalla 2025-01-08 a la(s) 10.04.47 p.m..png](/user_uploads/13/mT5tDFVG4V7JDNHKKWsGvcZI/Captura-de-pantalla-2025-01-08-a-las-10.04.47p.m..png)
- Pairing with @**Mia**  and @**Priya**  on the Leetle. Starting to feel like maybe I'm not as bad at leetcode as I thought I was?!! maybe?! stay tuned for once I get to harder problems lol

## Thurs

- Started drafting letter editor and viewer UI components
- Supabase help with @**Eric**
- Leetle with @**Maura**

## Fri

- Leetle pairing with @**Ross**  (finally!)
- cleaning up letter editor and viewer UI for OpenWith
- UI whiteboarding with @**Jesse**
[Captura de pantalla 2025-01-10 a la(s) 7.43.08 p.m..png](/user_uploads/13/0BaqlFs9PVr8SMSm_xXNv6QZ/Captura-de-pantalla-2025-01-10-a-las-7.43.08p.m..png)
