---
layout: post
title: "RC Week 12"
date: 2025-02-14
---
## Mon

- Coffee chat and pairing with @**Elizabeth**  on today’s Leetle
- Finally fixed the user flow for saving letters in Open When, ready for tomorrow’s demo-palooza. It’s a hacky fix but it’s good enough for me.
- Started going through the Django tutorial to implement my own backend to Open When
- Read about ways that people have trained AI agents to play Mancala. Interested in exploring that post-batch, among other things!

## Tues

yesterday:

- Mushroom image classification ML Jam -- thanks for organizing @**Keerthi**
- Presented Open When at demo-palooza and got to see other people's demos -- really liked seeing @**Teon**'s scrapbooking site and @**Basil**'s ray tracing maze game!

## Weds

- Got my training and validation DataLoaders working for my [mushroom image classifier](https://github.com/grkw/mushroom-classifier) on Colab. I realized it's been about a year since I took my ML courses so it's nice to refresh myself while looking at pictures of mushrooms. I think there's some interesting ways I can take the project like trying a compositional/hierarchical approach, interpretable/explainable architectures (attention mechanisms??), transfer learning, fine-tuning, heck maybe generative models like transformers and diffusion.
- Chatted with @**Suhith**  about ML infra, ML performance, and the self-driving industry
- Caught up with @**Kevin**  and did a nice DP problem
- Non-programming talks: I want to read my height in books, would be easier for me than @**Spencer** haha and I'm glad I was reminded of Neetcode and other great job search resources thanks to @**Elijah** for future SWE internships (or full-time jobs, if it turns out I get rejected from all my grad schools)
- Gave my last non-programming talk in batch, [Staying in my Lane](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1v7HTwWv5GmIHm5H9eWs8lz9S-4wyAcGpsKuQ7woo3tM/edit?usp=sharing)! Thank you to @**Suhith**  and @**Kevin**  for encouraging me to present it — I was so close to not doing it because I was like, I don’t even have anything together really... but I got really nice feedback on it and I’m really happy I did it
- Did [today’s Leetle](https://leetle.app/?date=2025-02-12) (with help from chatgpt) and [yesterday’s Leetle](https://leetle.app/?date=2025-02-11) (I wrote my own solution inspired by Kadane's algorithm for finding the max subarray sum, which I'm proud of because I could never remember the details to Kadane's algorithm!)

Today was a good day.

edit: so good that I forgot to mention I got rejected from CMU Robotics lol. and i simply cannot be bothered to feel bad about it

## Thurs

- Popped in on Fast.ai group! Really enjoyed the meeting (thank you for presenting @**Karen** ) and planning on continuing to come next month
- Paired with @**Karen**  on setting up Tailscale and nginx on my old linux MacBookPro so I can self-host my apps and who knows, maybe I’ll store photos and docs and stuff too. This was so so fun and I really felt the magic of RC
- Presentations and niceties and end of batch celebration

edit: thank you @**Sam** for being with me as I opened my rejection letter from UW

## Fri

today:

- End of batch reflection — planning to write it up into a return statement this weekend
- Backed up my college files on my linux Mac using Tailscale taildrop -- loving this new tool, thanks @**Karen**
- Chatted/paired with @**Nadja** — I need to try running Ollama locally on my M2 Mac!
- Had the honor of signing @**Ross** ’s copy of my book The Glitch (signed @**Jess** ’s the other day, and thanks to @**Marc**  and @**Priya**  for buying copies too)
- Finally finished writing niceties throughout the day.

What a joy it has been. Have moved to #**alumni checkins>Grace Kwak** for future updates.
