---
layout: post
title: "RC Week 8"
date: 2025-01-17
---
## Mon

- Pairing chat with @**Daniel** on a variety of things: self-hosting personal website, self-hosted RSS feeds, whoogle, open source debian/fedora
- Chat with @**Shenai**  to design a more streamlined, guiding UI -- feeling much better about it, I knew something was missing and this was it, ty Shenai!

## Tues

Yesterday:

- GPU puzzles with @**Suhith** @**Daniel** @**Nate**! Nice meeting y'all
- Struggles with integrating Supabase and React; continued working on UI interactivity in the meantime

My first time at a Moth story slam with @**Katrina** !

## Weds

- AI/ML paper cuts
- Can now get letters from the db and insert new letters into the db! I had the `insert` working without too much pain but then suddenly it stopped working and after several hours, I found out I just needed to restart `npm run dev`??? well now we know. Also I might've figured out sooner that it wasn't an issue with my code if I had known that VSCode has a Timeline feature that shows the diff from every *save* (much more granularity than a git commit, for me at least) and that might've saved me time in realizing the issue didn't have to do with my code...
- If anyone would be open to ~~giving me feedback on~~ roasting [my React code](https://github.com/grkw/open-when), I'd really appreciate that! Please feel free to send me a DM or come find me in the hub. I've just been throwing it together and don't know if I'm using React in nice and appropriate ways!

## Thurs

- chugging along on Open When! database GETing and POSTing but let's be honest I'm really just TRUSTing the supabase API
- watched the [home-cooked software](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qo5m92-9_QI) talk that @**Karen**  linked and omg omg my next project will be inspired by this --- I'm thinking of doing either 1) a simple menstrual cycle tracker (I haven't found one that I quite like and I want to make something that's completely my own) or 2) a fun dashboard/scrapbook for my partner and I to keep track of things in our relationship (like a notion page, but purpose-built and we own our data)

## Fri

- Pairing with @**Priya**  to fix the widths of my divs!
- Really nice chat with @**Michael** until next time  :smiling_face_with_tear_cry:
- Chugging along on Open When. Implementing the "letter credits" concept and cleaning up the UI
