---
layout: post
title: "RC Week 11"
date: 2025-02-07
---
## Mon

- Took the day off to host my partner

## Tues

- pairing with @**Sophia** chatting about local-first, beginner-friendly databases, and her projects
- pairing with @**Luisa** catching up and doing 2 leetles
- attended presentations+!
- debugging the improved way of saving letters...looks like the API request body is empty but I thought I didn't trigger it until the request body was ready??

## Weds

- Google tour with @**Spencer** @**Jess** @**Stephen** -- thank you Spencer!
- Put together an API route for content moderation for Open When using [this](https://github.com/utilityfueled/content-checker) TS library. Thank you @**Eric** for helping me figure out the last bit
- React bug squashing with @**Priya**
- Gave my first non-programming talk about my book! Thanks for the positive feedback y'all [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1EVIHsQKoI6B_B8JE1U9BMk63OoNnuCzcmWYfgNhoExc/edit?usp=sharing)

Almost done with Open When. The last thing is I want to implement my own backend using Django or something so that I actually know what's going on in backend (SQL? servers? huh?)! And also how to make it have more local-first principles. We'll see.

I see other recursers do way cooler stuff than me during batch but I think it's because they came in with a lot more experience than I did. Or maybe they're just better than me and that's fine too lol

## Thurs

- pairing with @**Russell** to debug my react issue with opening letters
- presentations — want to look into cloud flare @**Nolen**  and iOS peer to peer @**Aparna**

## Fri

- pairing with @**Farid Rener** chatting about backend and robotics
- volition and your career workshop with @**Nate**  @**Priya**  @**Jakub**
- pairing with @**Sam** catching up about our batch, doing leetcode, talking about creative writing
